README.md, before:

# Asset Conversion Service

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/urbanetic/aurin-acs.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/urbanetic/aurin-acs)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/aurin-acs/badge/?version=latest)](https://readthedocs.org/projects/aurin-acs/?badge=latest)
[![Javadoc Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javadoc-latest-brightgreen.svg)](http://javadocs.acs.urbanetic.net/)

The Asset Conversion Service (ACS) is a Web service for converting data in common geospatial formats
-- both 2D and 3D -- into a format that is compatible with [Atlas-Cesium][atlascesium].

[Cesium][cesium] is a very capable rendering library, but natively it only supports importing of a
few formats (namely GeoJSON, CZML and glTF). The GIS industry is notorious for storing data in a
wide variety of different formats, and conversion is often time-consuming and error prone.

ACS is designed to mitigate this pain, and make it easy for Atlas-based Web applications to accept
the most common GIS file formats out of the box.

## Features

ACS can import the following 2D and 3D formats:

* GeoJSON
* KML
* KMZ
* COLLADA
* IFC


[cesium]: https://cesiumjs.org/
[atlascesium]: https://github.com/urbanetic/atlas-cesium

Commit message:

Added pre-compiled collada2gltf binary, updated docs.

README.md, after:

# Asset Conversion Service

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/urbanetic/aurin-acs.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/urbanetic/aurin-acs)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/aurin-acs/badge/?version=latest)](https://readthedocs.org/projects/aurin-acs/?badge=latest)
[![Javadoc Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javadoc-latest-brightgreen.svg)](http://javadocs.acs.urbanetic.net/)

The Asset Conversion Service (ACS) is a Web service for converting data in common geospatial formats
-- both 2D and 3D -- into a format that is compatible with [Atlas-Cesium][atlascesium].

[Cesium][cesium] is a very capable rendering library, but natively it only supports importing of a
few formats (namely GeoJSON, CZML and glTF). The GIS industry is notorious for storing data in a
wide variety of different formats, and conversion is often time-consuming and error prone.

ACS is designed to mitigate this pain, and make it easy for Atlas-based Web applications to accept
the most common GIS file formats out of the box.

## Features

ACS can import the following 2D and 3D formats:

* GeoJSON
* KML
* KMZ
* COLLADA
* IFC

## Build

Build and deployment of the ACS is done with Maven and Docker. 

1. Run `mvn package` to build the ACS JAR.
2. Run `mvn docker:build` to build the Docker image, adding the built JAR (note: must be `sudo` or
   in `docker` user group).
3. Run `docker run -d -p 80:8090 --name="acs" urbanetic/aurin-acs` to run the ACS as a Docker
   container in the background.
4. Run `docker stop acs` to stop the background container.
5. Run `docker start acs` to restart the container in the future.

Note that the `/docker` directory contains a pre-compiled binary for `collada2gltf` which is added
in the Docker build to avoid having to build it from source.

[cesium]: https://cesiumjs.org/
[atlascesium]: https://github.com/urbanetic/atlas-cesium
